PRINCIPLES, note about when we do and don't apply snake case (#56)
wmde/wikibase-rest-api-proposal: PRINCIPLES.md

Example: `entities/items/<id>/statements/<id>/qualifiers/<hash>`

### Snake-case for multi-word properties

> We do not apply this principle to parameters included in the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not apply this principle to path variable (parameters), as they are functioning as placeholders and thus their name is not communicated to server.
```
